Update the direction of exercise in gutter (#24281)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_flexible_box_layout/mastering_wrapping_of_flex_items/index.md

In Flexbox, the `gap` property is applied to the flex container. It creates a fixed space between adjacent flex items. However, the `gap` property is not the only thing that can put space between items. Margins, paddings, `justify-content`, and `align-content` can also increase the size of the gutter, affecting the actual size of the gap.

> To see how the `gap` property differs from `margin` in both axes, try coming up with the same effects with `margin` instead of `gap` in the editor below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how the `gap` property differs from `margin` in both axes, try changing the `gap` value in the container `.box` and adding a `margin` value to the `.box > *` rule in the stylesheet below. Click the Reset button to revert to the previous values.
```
- `gap` already exists in the `.box` rule. Reader can "change" the value.
- `margin` rule is not defined in `.box > *` rule. Reader can "add" the value
